Dedicated chat for team development
Idobata makes software development fun

By developers for developers
Lightweight, familiar UI inspired by IRC
Integrates with the tools that you use
Sign Up

Free forever

Why?
There are tons of reasons to use Idobata.

Idobata solves a lot of common problems with developer chat tools. 

It's painful to maintain server for IRC.

I wish I could autocomplete my @username-style mentions. 

I want simple integration with GitHub, CI, etc... 

I'd like to see every message thread I am following in at a glance.

Developers' chat should be more programmable.

Organization
One account, multiple teams

Idobota lets you create Organizations, different groupings of chat rooms.

You can give your members access to all rooms in your Organization, or limit them to specific ones. 

You can invite Idobata users who aren’t members of your Organization as guests. Again, you can limit that guest’s access to rooms you choose. 

The Timeline view lets you view all rooms across your Organization.

Integration
Support for more than 20 developer tools

Idobata's Webhooks are easily set up notifications that plug into other development tools.

Idobata provides well-designed notification messages for popular services like Git-Hub.

You can customize which Webhooks are used for each project you work on. 
Plus you can create Custom Webhooks for your own use.


BOTS
Use bots to customize your room
Idobata supports Hubot, so you create and set up bots to do almost anything with your rooms, and then activate them simply by asking them in chat. 
You ask your bot to translate messages or attachments, check the weather, keep a count, or even work with you smart appliances.


Desktop notifications 
Google Chrome Extension


Compatible with GitHub emoticons


Set rooms to auto collapse long messages


Post images with drag-and-drop


Tag everyone in a room or an Organization with @all / @here


Autocomplete @member / #room name


Mobile app


Markdown support


Unlimited message logs 

On-Premises

You can run Idobata anywhere.

Details of on-premises edition

Feedback
Let us know how we can make Idobata better.
We always appreciate hearing from you!

Submit your feedback
